Add build and tryit tools (#15)
wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin: en/docs/build-and-run/build-and-run.md

# Build and run the program

Follow the steps below to create a sample Ballerina program in VS Code. 

> <img src="../img/running-your-program.gif" width="100%" />

Reviewer: Do we really need this giff here.. IMO, it doesn't seem to serve any purpose this early. Wasn't very clear what it does.
Shall we apply two separate giffs to Code View and Diagram View instead? wdyt?

</br>

<details open>

>   <summary>Code View</summary>

Reviewer: Why do we need expandables for these? IMO, level 2 headings for Code View and Diagram View will do.

Build and run the program
- Use the Code View
- Use the Diagram View

>   >**Note:** Skip the 1-3 steps if you already have a Ballerina code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  >**Note:** Skip 1-3 steps if you already have a Ballerina code.
```

3. Select the **Hello World Main** example.

4. Run the program.

    - Option 1
    Click on the **Run** code lens on the editor. 
    <img src="../img/run-code-lense.png" width="100%" />

    - Option 2
    Click **Run** on the title bar of the editor.
    <img src="../img/run-button.png" width="100%" />
## Use the Diagram View
  
  1. View the diagram
   - Option 1

      Click **Show Diagram** on the title bar of the editor to view the graphical representation of the program.
      <img src="../img/show-diagram-button.png" width="100%" />

   - Option 2

      Click the Ballerina icon in the VS Code side menu to open the diagram explorer tree.
      <img src="../img/diagram-explorer.png" width="100%" />

  2. Run the program

      Click **Run** in the diagram options menu.
      <img src="../img/run-diagram-button.png" width="100%" />

      Alternatively, run the program by clicking the button on the title bar.
      <img src="../img/run-diagram-header-button.png" width="100%" />

The integrated terminal will open automatically and run the program.
  <img src="../img/run-output.png" width="100%" />

> </br>

Reviewer: do we need these?

Author: Removed

3. Select the **Hello World Main** example.

4. Run the program.

>     ### Option 1

Reviewer: let's make these bullets

    Click on the **Run** code lens on the editor. 
    <img src="../img/run-code-lense.png" width="100%" />

    ### Option 2
    Click the **Run** button on the title bar of the editor.
    <img src="../img/run-button.png" width="100%" />
</details>

</br>

<details open>
  <summary>Diagram View</summary>
  

>   1. View the diagram

Reviewer: why is this numbered?

  ### Option 1
  Click the **Show Diagram** button on the title bar of the editor to view the graphical representation of the program.
  <img src="../img/show-diagram-button.png" width="100%" />

  ### Option 2
  Click the Ballerina icon in the VS Code side menu to open the diagram explorer tree.
  <img src="../img/diagram-explorer.png" width="100%" />

  2. Run the program

  Click the **Run** button in the diagram options menu.
  <img src="../img/run-diagram-button.png" width="100%" />

  Alternatively, run the program by clicking the button on the title bar.
  <img src="../img/run-diagram-header-button.png" width="100%" />

</details>

</br>

The integrated terminal will open automatically and run the program.
  <img src="../img/run-output.png" width="100%" />

</br>

You just ran your first Ballerina program.
>**Tip:** If you wish to debug further, use  either the **Debug** button or see the [debugging guidelines](../debugging/debug.md).
<img src="../img/debug-button.png" width="100%" />

> # Try-it tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Try-it tools
```

> # Try-it tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Try-it tools
```

> The Ballerina VS Code extension allows you to try and debug an HTTP/GraphQL service (without using any third-party tools) while you develop it to check how it works. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina VS Code extension allows you to try out and debug HTTP/GraphQL services (without using any third-party tools) while you develop them. 
```

3. Select the **Hello World Main** example.

> 4. Run the program

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Run the program.
```

    ### Option 1
    Click on the **Run** code lens on the editor. 
    <img src="../img/run-code-lense.png" width="100%" />

>     You just ran your first Ballerina program with a few clicks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You just ran your first Ballerina program.
```

>     >**Tip:** If you wish to debug further, you can either use the **Debug** code lens or see debugging guidelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    >**Tip:** If you wish to debug further, use either the **Debug** code lens or see the debugging guidelines.
```
Should we link to the debugging guidelines?

    <img src="../img/debug-code-lense.png" width="100%" />

    ### Option 2

>     Click the run button on the editor’s title bar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Click the **Run** button on the title bar of the editor.
```

    <img src="../img/run-button.png" width="100%" />

>     >**Tip:** If you wish to debug further, you can either use the **Debug** button or see debugging guidelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    >**Tip:** If you wish to debug further, use  either the **Debug** button or see the debugging guidelines.
```
Should we link to the debugging guidelines?

    <img src="../img/debug-button.png" width="100%" />
</details>

</br>

<details open>
  <summary>Diagram View</summary>
  

>   1. View diagram

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. View the diagram
```

  ### Option 1

>   Click the **Show Diagram** button on the editor’s title bar to   view the graphical representation of the program.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Click the **Show Diagram** button on the title bar of the editor to view the graphical representation of the program.
```

  <img src="../img/show-diagram-button.png" width="100%" />

  ### Option 2

>   Click the Ballerina icon in vscode sidemenu to open the diagram explorer tree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Click the Ballerina icon in the VS Code side menu to open the diagram explorer tree.
```

  <img src="../img/diagram-explorer.png" width="100%" />

  2. Run the program

>   Click the run button in diagram options menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Click the **Run** button in the diagram options menu.
```

  <img src="../img/run-diagram-button.png" width="100%" />

>   Alternatively, you can run by clicking the button on the title bar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Alternatively, run the program by clicking the button on the title bar.
```

  <img src="../img/run-diagram-header-button.png" width="100%" />

</details>

</br>

The integrated terminal will open automatically and run the program.
  <img src="../img/run-output.png" width="100%" />

</br>

# Try-it tools

> Ballerina VSCode plugin allows you to try and debug an HTTP/GraphQL service while you develop it to check how it works. Without using any third party tools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ballerina VS Code extension allows you to try and debug an HTTP/GraphQL service (without using any third-party tools) while you develop it to check how it works. 
```
